Align Tabs and TabList API (#3710)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: packages/circuit-ui/components/Tabs/Tabs.mdx

### Use subcomponents independently

> `TabList` and `TabPanel` can be used independently, depending on how much control you need, there are two approaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TabList` and `TabPanel` can be used independently, depending on how much control you need, you can opt for one of the following approaches:
```

#### Simplified with the `tabs` prop

> Pass your tabs as a `tabs` array to `TabList`. Selection state, keyboard navigation, and ARIA attributes are managed internally. Use the `onTabChange` callback to track which panel to show.

Reviewer: This bit feels redundant
```suggestion
Pass your tabs as a `tabs` array to `TabList`. Selection state, keyboard navigation, and ARIA attributes are managed internally. 
```

### Tab-like navigation

If you need to implement a tab-like navigation rather than true tab semantics, you can control the rendering behavior of the TabList and Tab components to achieve this.

> - Set the `as` prop of `TabList` to `"navigation"` to render a native `<nav>` containing an element with the role `list` to wrap its children.

Reviewer: avoid using code formatting for component names and reserve it to props and other variables instead 🙏

Author: I'm sorry, old habit. I'll clean up 🙏🏾
